.TH Chandere2 1 "" "Chandere2 2.4.0"

.SH NAME
Chandere2 - An asynchronous image downloader and thread archiver for Futaba-styled imageboards, such as 4chan and 8chan.

.SH SYNOPSIS
chandere2 (
.I TARGETS
) [ -i
.I ALIAS
] [
.I OPTIONS
]
.PP
.I TARGETS
can be as many board initial/thread number combinations as desired.
.I ALIAS
is any of the imageboard aliases listed by --list-imageboards.

.SH DESCRIPTION
Chandere2 is a command-line utility for automatically downloading and archiving data from Futaba-styled imageboards. It aims to be fairly universal and easy to use.
.PP
It features scraping from multiple boards and threads simutaneously, archiving to several formats, and powerful post filtering.

.SH OPTIONS
SCRAPING OPTIONS
.PP
.IP "-i, --imageboard <ALIAS>"
The imageboard to be scraped from. Available aliases can be listed with --list-imageboards.
.IP "-d, --download"
Crawl for and download every file found in the given targets.
.IP "-a, --archive"
Archive every post found in the given targets.
.IP "--filter <FILTERS>"
A list of filters to check posts against. Filters should follow the pattern of [field]:[pattern], where [field] is the post field and [pattern] is a filtering patter following 4chan's 'Comment, Subject and E-mail' filter format. Patterns are case insensitive, and multiple filters can be given.
.IP "--continuous"
Rather than exiting as soon as the task has completed, continue to refresh for new posts until a SIGINT is received.
.IP "--ssl"
Uses TLS/SSL encryption when making connections with the imageboard.
.IP "--nocap"
Will not attempt to limit the number of concurrent connections. This can generate unreasonable amounts of traffic and should only be used if you know what you're doing.
.PP
OUTPUT OPTIONS
.IP "--debug"
Provides more verbose runtime information.
.IP "-o <PATH>, --output <PATH>"
The path in which downloaded files should be placed. Defaults to the current working directory.
.IP "--output-format <FORMAT>"
The format that archives should be saved to. Can be either 'plaintext' or 'sqlite'.
GENERAL OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
Display a help page and exit.
.IP "-v, --version"
Display the currently installed version and exit.
.IP "--list-imageboards"
List all of the available imageboard aliases and exit.

.SH BUGS
Chandere2 is carefully tested for bugs before a stable release, but if you happen to find one - please submit bug reports to <jakob@memeware.net> or visit https://github.com/TsarFox/chandere2/issues

.SH AUTHOR

Chandere2 is programmed and maintained by Jakob Kreuze. <jakob@memeware.net>
